# GC_DS_Internship
First I downloaded the source data, which is attached and cleaned the data table. The data didn't start until the seventh row and I had to skip the first five. I also had to convert the times from timestamps to numerical values and calculate departrure delay. I then started my analysis by paramterizing and indentifying my key variables. These variables were the scheduled departure time, destination airport and departure delay. I then categorized my data by time of day and by destination airport creating a new data set for each category. For tghe purposes of my analysis the 3 categories for time of day were; morning from 6am to 12pm, afternoon from 12pm, to 6pm  and, evening from 6pm to 12am. After categorizing my data I found the mean and median of departure delay and scheduled departure time for the three times of day as well as the initial data set. I then produced a regression model that tests the relationship between departure delay and scheduled departure timne. The relationship was inverse but not statistically significant. After this I found the departure delay means and medians for each airport and then compared them. After my numerical analysis I generated a scatter plot to visualize the lack of a statistically significant relationship between shceduled departure time and departure delay, I also generated a histogram to illustrate the distribvution of morning departure delays, since they were the least likley to get delayed out of the categories. The code can be ran from top to bottom in the order that is typed in on download.
